---
layout: default
title: Ken Sheedlo | Resume
---

## Open Source

I work closely with the [AngularJS](http://angularjs.org) team at Google. I've
also contributed code to several other projects. Check out my
[github](https://github.com/ksheedlo) for more details.

## Skills

I'm proficient in JavaScript, Python, Java, Scala and C. I know enough x86 
assembly to be dangerous. I've built web servers with Django and Flask, and
single-page apps in Angular and jQuery. I've written interpreters and compiler
passes and printf exploits. There are so many interesting things to do, and I
feel like I've barely scratched the surface!

## Education

**University of Colorado at Boulder, 2010-present**

Expected graduation date: Spring 2014

**Major: Computer Science**

**Minor: Applied Mathematics**

**Overall GPA: 3.83**

## Work Experience

#### Software Engineering Intern, Google

May 2013 - August 2013

Developed facilities for stripping long error messages from minified JavaScript
code for AngularJS. Implemented a custom Closure Compiler runner to accomplish
error stripping and published as
[angular/ng-closure-runner](https://github.com/angular/ng-closure-runner).
Rewrote internal error throwing API to allow long strippable error messages.
Implemented error browser in docs.angularjs.org to help developers get
information on errors occurring in minified builds. Reduced size of gzipped and
minified Angular by 1 KB while improving the developer experience around error
messages.

#### Software Engineering Intern, TiVo Inc.

May 2012 - August 2012

Continued software development for an experimental Web application product. 
Helped implement a user-friendly Web client design using modern web technologies.
Developed efficient, scalable and secure Web services targeting Amazon's AWS 
platform.

#### Research apprentice, Clauset Lab, University of Colorado-Boulder

August 2011 - May 2012

Evaluated popularity distributions in an attempt to determine how stuff achieves
viral popularity in a networked system. Applied statistics and network theory to
an analysis of citation data in scientific papers. Constructed a model for 
predicting how popular a paper will become based on its past citation history.

#### Software Engineering Intern, TiVo Inc.

May 2011 - August 2011

Helped design and develop an experimental Web application product. Designed parts
of the user interface and implemented new features on a full stack basis. Worked
with Python and Flask on the server side and modern web technologies in the 
browser, including jQuery.

